minikube configurations for mac (#621)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc

minikube start --kubernetes-version=v1.28.1
----

. Enable the `minikube ingress` plugin, which acts like a reverse proxy for your cluster:
+
[source,bash]
----
minikube addons enable ingress
----

. Linux only: enable the `ingress-dns` plugin and configure it:
+
[source,bash]
----
minikube addons enable ingress-dns
----

. Configure the `in-cluster DNS server` to resolve local DNS names inside the cluster`:
+
Note that this step is not optional but mandatory for an Infinite Scale installation. For details see https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/handbook/addons/ingress-dns/#installation[Step 4, (optional) Configure in-cluster DNS server to resolve local DNS names inside cluster].

. macOS only: run `minikube tunnel` to be expose `80,443` ports:
+
[source,bash]
----
minikube tunnel
----

. Configure hosts:

> .. On Linux you need to add additional configurations to use the ingress by adding the domain names to `/etc/hosts`. Those entries need to point to the Minikube interface IP which you can get by running `minikube ip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. On Linux you need to add additional configurations to use ingress by adding the domain names to `/etc/hosts`. Those entries need to point to the Minikube interface IP which you can get by running `minikube ip`.
```

+
[source,bash]
----
192.168.49.2 ocis.kube.owncloud.test
----

> .. On macOS you need to add additional configurations to use the ingress by adding the domain names to `/etc/hosts`. Since you are using `minikube tunnel`, those entries need to point to `127.0.0.1` because it's listening on the localhost interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. On macOS you need to add additional configurations to use ingress by adding the domain names to `/etc/hosts`. Since you are using `minikube tunnel`, those entries need to point to `127.0.0.1` because it's listening on the localhost interface.
```

+
[source,bash]
----
127.0.0.1 ocis.kube.owncloud.test
----

=== Deploy the Chart

// note the sources for values and description are on GitHub at ocis-charts.

:t1_text: Helm chart with default configurations.
:t2_text: Description of the values.yaml file.

> * When installing oCIS in Minikube on MacOS you need to set the `hostAlias` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When installing Infinite Scale in Minikube on MacOS, you need to set the `hostAlias` option:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
hostAlias:
  - ip: "192.168.49.2" # <- needs to be the IP of `minikube ip`
    hostnames:
      - "ocis.kube.owncloud.test"
----

> * Based on the Kubernetes version, you will find comments in `values.yaml` where content is Kubernetes version dependent. Search for comments with `Kubernetes` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Based on the Kubernetes version, you will find comments in `values.yaml` where content depends on the Kubernetes version. Search for comments with `Kubernetes` for details.
```
